Orchestrator: store logs of SAVE SAVE CLI (#54)
cqfn/save-cloud: save-agent/README.md

# Building

> Read the [official docs](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/tree/master/kotlin-native#kotlinnative) and install all dependencies listed in 'Prerequisites' section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [official docs](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/tree/master/kotlin-native#kotlinnative) and install all dependencies listed in [Prerequisites](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/tree/master/kotlin-native#building-from-source) section.
```

On windows you'll also need to install msys2 and run `pacman -S mingw-w64-x86_64-curl` to have libcurl for ktor-client.

> On ubuntu install `libcurl4-openssl-dev` and `libncurses5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On ubuntu install `libcurl4-openssl-dev` for ktor client and `libncurses5` for kotlin/native compiler.
```
